Tom Standage’s ten trends to watch in 2024

Life comes at you fast. Whether it’s the upsurge in armed conflict, the redrawing of the global energy-resources map or rapid progress in artificial intelligence (ai), the world is changing at mind-boggling speed. From the situation in the Middle East to the adoption of electric vehicles to the treatment of obesity, things look very different from the way they did just a year or two ago. Our aim is to help you keep your worldview up to date—and tell you what might be coming next. To kick things off, here are ten themes to watch in the coming year.

Tom Standage 2024 年值得关注的十大趋势

生活来得很快。 无论是武装冲突的激增、全球能源资源版图的重新绘制，还是人工智能的快速进步，世界正在以令人难以置信的速度发生变化。 从中东局势到电动汽车的发展，再到肥胖症的治疗，世界看起来与一两年前有很大不同。 我们的目标是帮助您保持最新的世界观，并告诉您接下来会发生什么。 首先，以下是来年值得关注的十大主题。


1. Vote-a-rama!

Elections all over the world, for more voters than ever before, will put a spotlight on the global state of democracy. There will be more than 70 elections in 2024 in countries that are home to around 4.2bn people—for the first time, more than half of the global population.

投票拉玛（是美国参议院的一项程序，允许参议员对预算相关措施提出无限数量的修正案。经过简短的辩论后，每项修正案都迅速连续进行表决。）

世界各地的选举，选民数量比以往任何时候都多，将使全球民主状况成为人们关注的焦点。 2024 年，拥有约 42 亿人口的国家将举行 70 多场选举，这些国家首次超过全球人口的一半。

2. America’s global choice.

Voters, and the courts, will give their verdicts on Donald Trump, who has a one-in-three chance of regaining the presidency. The result may come down to a few tens of thousands of voters in a handful of swing states. But the consequences will be global, affecting everything from climate policy to military support for Ukraine. Indeed, election-rigging in Russia may mean Vladimir Putin’s fate depends more on American voters than Russian ones.

2.美国的全球选择。

选民和法院将对唐纳德·特朗普做出裁决，他有三分之一的机会重新当选总统。 结果可能取决于少数几个摇摆州的数万选民。 但其后果将是全球性的，影响从气候政策到对乌克兰的军事支持等方方面面。 事实上，俄罗斯的选举操纵可能意味着弗拉基米尔·普京的命运更多地取决于美国选民，而不是俄罗斯选民。

3. Step up, Europe.

Accordingly, Europe must step up and provide Ukraine with the military and economic backing needed for a long fight, while laying out a path towards eventual eu membership. This is the right thing to do, as well as insuring against the risk that Mr Trump regains power and withdraws support.

3.欧洲，挺身而出。

因此，欧洲必须挺身而出，为乌克兰提供长期斗争所需的军事和经济支持，同时为最终加入欧盟铺平道路。 这是正确的做法，同时也可以防范特朗普重新掌权并撤回支持的风险。

4. Middle East turmoil.

Hamas’s attack on Israel, and Israel’s retaliation against Gaza, have upended the region and scotched the idea that the world could continue to ignore the Palestinians’ plight. Will it become a wider regional conflict—or offer a new chance for peace? For America, the overstretched superpower, this is also a test of whether it can adapt to a more complex and threatening world.

4、中东动荡。

哈马斯对以色列的袭击以及以色列对加沙的报复，已经颠覆了该地区，并打碎了世界可以继续忽视巴勒斯坦人困境的想法。 它会成为更广泛的地区冲突，还是提供新的和平机会？ 对于美国这个捉襟见肘的超级大国来说，这也是对其能否适应更加复杂、更具威胁的世界的考验。

5. Multipolar disorder.

America’s plan to pivot to Asia, and focus more on its rivalry with a rising China, has been derailed by war in Ukraine and now Gaza. Russia, too, is distracted and losing influence. Frozen conflicts are thawing and local cold wars are heating up around the world. Instability in the Sahel is rising. The world is preparing for more conflict now that America’s “unipolar moment” has ended.

5.多级化骚乱。

美国的战略重心转向亚洲，并更多地关注与崛起的中国的竞争，但由于乌克兰和现在的加沙战争而脱轨。 俄罗斯也心烦意乱，正在失去影响力。 世界各地冰冻的冲突正在解冻，局部冷战正在升温。 萨赫勒地区的不稳定局势正在加剧。 美国的“单极时刻”已经结束，世界正在为更多冲突做准备。

7. New energy geography.

The clean-energy transition is minting new green superpowers and redrawing the energy-resources map. Lithium, copper and nickel matter much more, while oil and gas, and the regions that dominate their supply, matter less. Competition for green resources is reshaping geopolitics and trade, and creating some unexpected winners and losers. Meanwhile, a “greenlash” is under way among voters who regard climate-friendly policies as an elite conspiracy against ordinary people.

7.新能源地理学。

清洁能源转型正在催生新的绿色超级大国并重新绘制能源资源版图。 锂、铜和镍的重要性要大得多，而石油和天然气以及主导其供应的地区则不太重要。 对绿色资源的竞争正在重塑地缘政治和贸易，并产生一些意想不到的赢家和输家。 与此同时，选民中正在掀起一股“绿潮”，他们将气候友好型政策视为精英针对普通民众的阴谋。

8. Economic uncertainty.

Western economies did better than expected in 2023 but are not out of the woods yet, and interest rates staying “higher, for longer” will be painful for companies and consumers alike, even if recessions are avoided. (Keep an eye on the banks, and their exposure to commercial property, where things could go bad.) 

8. 经济不确定性。

西方经济体 2023 年的表现好于预期，但尚未走出困境，即使避免了经济衰退，利率“长时间保持在较高水平”也将给企业和消费者带来痛苦。 （密切关注银行及其对商业地产的敞口，否则情况可能会恶化。）


9.AI gets real.

Businesses are adopting it, regulators are regulating it and techies continue to improve it. Debate will intensify over the best regulatory approach—and whether arguments over “existential risk” are a decoy that benefits incumbents. Unexpected uses and abuses will keep popping up. Worries abound about ai’s effect on jobs and potential for election meddling. Its biggest actual impact? Faster coding.

9.人工智能变得真实。

企业正在采用它，监管机构正在对其进行监管，技术人员正在不断改进它。 关于最佳监管方法的争论将会加剧，以及关于“存在风险”的争论是否是既得利益者放出的诱饵。 意外的使用和滥用将会不断出现。 人们普遍担心人工智能对就业的影响以及干预选举的可能性。 其最大的实际影响是什么？ 更快的编码。


10. Uniting the world?

Perhaps ideological differences will be put aside as the world enjoys the Paris Olympics, astronauts (maybe) looping around the Moon, and the men’s t20 cricket World Cup. But it is just as likely that those hoping for some global unity will be stumped.

10. 团结世界？

也许当全世界都在享受巴黎奥运会、宇航员（也许）绕月飞行以及男子 t20 板球世界杯时，意识形态差异将被抛在一边。 但那些希望全球团结的人也很可能会遇到困难。




