导语：Evidence is mounting that long covid is a real threat to global health

大量证据显示新冠肺炎长期症状对全球健康构成现实威胁

Paragraph 1：As the world enters the second year of the pandemic, two crises are unfolding. The more urgent and visible one is in poor countries like India, where a surge of covid-19 cases is threatening to overwhelm the state. India is recording more than 350,000 cases a day, and many more than that are thought to be going undetected. The suffering is grievous. Oxygen supplies at Indian hospitals are running far short of what is needed, and crematoriums are overwhelmed.

随着世界进入该流行病的第二年，两场危机正在展开。更紧迫和明显的问题是在印度等贫穷国家，covid-19病例的激增正威胁着整个国家。印度每天记录的病例超过35万例，据信还有更多病例尚未被发现。这种遭遇是令人痛苦的。印度医院的氧气供应远远不足，火葬场也人满为患。

Paragraph 2：The other crisis is more subtle. This is long covid, which is becoming apparent in rich countries like America, Britain and Israel that have largely vaccinated their way out of the pandemic, but which will affect poor ones, too. Post-covid syndrome, to give it its formal name, is a set of symptoms affecting any part of the body that persist for at least three months after a bout of covid-19. Three stand out: breathlessness, fatigue and “brain fog”. In Britain three in every five people with long covid say their usual activities are somewhat limited, and one in five says they are limited “a lot”—which often means being unable to do even a part-time, desk-based job.

另一场危机更为微妙。 这是一种长期的冠状病毒，在美国、英国和以色列等富裕国家，这一点越来越明显，这些国家基本上通过接种疫苗来摆脱这种流行病，但也会影响到贫穷国家。covid-19正式名称为后冠状病毒综合征，是在covid-19爆发后至少持续三个月的一系列影响身体任何部位的症状。其中三个突出:呼吸困难、疲劳和“脑雾”。 在英国，每五名长冠状病毒感染者中就有三名表示，他们的日常活动稍微受到限制，五分之一的人表示，他们的活动“非常有限”——这通常意味着他们甚至无法从事兼职的办公室工作。

Paragraph 3：The numbers are chilling. Half a million people in Britain have had long covid for more than six months. Their chances of full recovery are probably slim. The vast majority are in their working-age prime. At the last count (which does not fully take in the country’s second wave) 1.1% of Britain’s population had had long covid for at least three months—a group that includes 1.5% of those of working age. About 15% of Britain’s population had been infected by then. Applying this rate to global covid-19 cases, numbering an estimated 1.2bn so far, suggests that more than 80m people may already have long covid.

这些数字令人不寒而栗。在英国，50万人已经有超过6个月的长时间冠状病毒感染。他们完全恢复的机会可能很小。其中绝大多数人正处于最佳工作年龄。 根据最近的统计(这还不完全包括这个国家的第二波)，1.1%的英国人已经有至少三个月的长时间感染了冠状病毒，这个群体包括1.5%的工作年龄人群。那时大约15%的英国人已经被感染。将这一比率应用于全球covid-19病例(迄今估计有12亿)，表明超过8000万人可能已经长期患有covid-19。

Paragraph 4：The costs of the condition have yet to be tallied, but they will be huge. Britain’s National Institute for Health Research found that, in 80% of sufferers, the illness affected the ability to work. Over a third said it had weighed on their finances.

这种状况的代价还没有计算出来，但将是巨大的。英国国家健康研究所发现，在80%的患者中，疾病影响了工作能力。 超过三分之一的人表示，这给他们的财务带来了压力。

Paragraph 5：As yet, long covid has no cure. What scientists know so far about the disease points to it being a combination of a persistent viral infection (for which a drug may be found at some point), a chronic autoimmune disorder (which would need expensive, complex care like that for rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis) and lingering damage to some tissues caused by the original covid-19 infection. Medicines for the first two of these causes may ultimately be found. America alone has put $1.15bn into research. At the moment, though, sufferers need months of rehabilitation to help them cope.

到目前为止，长冠状病毒还没有治愈方法。到目前为止，科学家们对这种疾病的了解表明，它是一种结合了持续性病毒感染(在某种程度上可能会找到治疗这种疾病的药物)、慢性自身免疫疾病(需要昂贵的、如风湿性关节炎或多发性硬化症等复杂护理)以及最初感染COVID-19导致的一些组织的长期损伤。最终可能会找到治疗前两种原因的药物。仅美国就投入了11.5亿美元用于研究。然而，目前患者需要数月的康复来帮助他们应对。

Paragraph 6：Health-care systems and employers must prepare to assist long-covid sufferers, including those who have no proof of past infection because they were not able to be tested. Prompt rehabilitative care can prevent a downward spiral in personal health and finances. Dedicated long-covid clinics will speed things up. As things now stand, patients often bounce from one specialist to another in search of a diagnosis.

卫生保健系统和雇主必须准备帮助长期冠状病毒感染者，包括那些因为无法检测而没有过去感染证明的人。及时的康复护理可以防止个人健康和财务状况的恶化。专门的长期冠状病毒诊所将加快这一进程。就目前的情况而言，患者经常从一个专家转到另一个专家以寻求诊断。

Paragraph 7：Employers, for their part, must rethink how to accommodate workers with a disability that flares up in unpredictable bouts. Governments can help, with incentives that encourage sufferers to stay in work and employers to cater to their condition. If Governments miss the boat, millions of young and mid-career workers could permanently drop out of the labour force. One approach could draw on a scheme for disability benefits that is used in the Netherlands. Dutch employers and employees who are too unwell to work as normal are required to come up jointly with a plan on how the sick employee can return to work under new conditions. Remote working and flexible schedules would make it easier for long-covid sufferers to work at least part-time. Many of them will improve, though even that can take months.

对于雇主而言，必须重新考虑如何照顾那些在不可预知的发作中突然出现的残疾工人。政府可以提供帮助，通过激励措施鼓励患者继续工作，并鼓励雇主满足他们的条件。如果政府错失良机，数百万年轻和职业生涯中期的工人可能永远退出劳动力市场。一种办法可以借鉴荷兰使用的残疾福利计划。 荷兰的雇主和因身体原因无法正常工作的雇员被要求共同制定一个计划，让生病的雇员在新的条件下重返工作岗位。远程工作和灵活的时间安排将使长期冠状病毒感染者更容易至少兼职工作。他们中的许多人会得到改善，尽管这可能需要几个月的时间。

Paragraph 8：Lots of mistakes were made in the pandemic’s acute phase. But that came out of the blue. There is no excuse for failing to respond to long covid. And there is no time to waste.

在大流行的急性阶段犯了很多错误。但这来得太突然了。没有任何借口不应对长期冠状病毒感染。没有时间可以浪费了。




overwhelm 动词，表示 charge someone with too many tasks「(感情或感觉)充溢，难以禁受；压倒」

Doctors yesterday delivered an overwhelming vote of no confidence in controversial health service shake-ups.

stand out 是个固定短语，表示 to be much better than other similar people or things「出色、突出」

They took no notice of him, he did not stand out, he was in no way remarkable.

fatigue 动词/名词，表示boredom resulting from overexposure to something「疲劳、使劳累」

Driver fatigue was to blame for the accident.

chilling 形容词，表示 provoking fear terror「令人恐惧的，令人害怕的」

One case involves a chilling video that was recently released online.

take in 是个固定短语，表示 make (clothes) smaller「将衣服改小」/ take up mentally「精神上接受」

Humans take in oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide.

chronic 形容词，表示 being long-lasting and recurrent or characterized by long suffering「长期的；慢性的」

They think his illness is acute rather than chronic.


rehabilitation 名词，表示 the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation/ the restoration of someone to a useful place in society「恢复」

Problems and suggestion for development ofeducation in rehabilitation medicine.

dedicated 形容词，表示 Complete the specific work mission or realize has the dedicated application.「专门的」

Must be running on dedicated hardware.

bounce 动词，表示 the quality of a substance that is able to rebound「弹起，弹跳；反射」

Bounce the ball and try and hit it over the net.

accommodate 动词，表示 provide a service or favor for someone「为(某人)提供住宿(或膳宿、座位等)」

A new office block was built to accommodate the overflow of staff.

flares up 是个固定短语，表示「突然出现；燃烧」

She flares up at the least thing.

cater to 是个固定短语，表示「投合；满足……的需要」

They only publish novels which cater to the mass-market.

miss the boat 是个固定短语，表示「坐失良机；错失机会」

We shall have to make up our minds very soon, or we'll miss the boat.

flexible 形容词，表示 bending and snapping back readily without breaking「灵活的；可变动的」

Working from home offers the ultimate in flexible life styles.

out of the blue 是个固定短语，表示 in a way that was not expected「突然;出乎意料地」

The decision came out of the blue.

excuse 名词/动词，表示 a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc.「借口；找借口」

Late again! What's your excuse this time?




① The more urgent and visible one is in poor countries like India, where a surge of covid-19 cases is threatening to overwhelm the state.

这句话用 where 引导定语从句，从句里用 a surge of covid-19 cases 做主语，非常地道，值得学习。“印度确诊病例疯狂上涨，带来严重威胁。”这句话要是让我们来说，可能会写成：The covid-19 cases in India is surging, which severely threatens the state. 但是用 a surge of covid-19 case 做主语就会更加简洁，把一个句子的意思浓缩在一个短语中，这是外刊里经常出现的表达方式，我们可以学习仿写，让英语表达更加地道。

② Applying this rate to global covid-19 cases, numbering an estimated 1.2bn so far, suggests that more than 80m people may already have long covid.

这句话以动名词Applying引导的句子做主语，numbering修饰前一句的病例数，整个句子可以简化为cases suggests~。

在应对长难句时，一定要从句子结构入手，先对句子进行成分分析，对句子进行“减枝”，这样才能够最简单有效且正确地对句子进行处理。
